[wings flapping]
[Vic] What the hell?
[Young Vic] Hey, uh, Dad.
Can I get a superhero toy?
-[Silas] Yes, Vic.
-Dad.
[Silas] I'll hop in line
at the register.
Meet me there. Be quick.
I know this memory.
[toy clutters]
Can I have Mary
on the toy aisle?
Why are you grabbing me?
Take your hands off of my son.
He's damaging property.
He's looking for a toy.
Let's see what the cops say.
[Young Vic] Am I going to jail?
-Dad?
-Look, I will pay
for whatever the damages.
Vic, why are these
on the floor?
Now is not the time to be
a coward, young man.
I was just looking for some
black superhero toys.
We don't carry
Black superhero toys.
Why not?
No one buys
Black superhero toys.
Look, I guarantee you,
he meant no harm.
Give me a moment with my son.
I'm sorry, Dad.
I just wanted
a Black superhero toy.
I made a mistake.
We don't get to make mistakes.
One mistake
could cost you your life.
Here.
General Tony's Black.
Be like General Tony.
Clean this up.
I'm going to go apologize
to the store manager.
[birdwings flap]
Looks like my transport's here.
You take point.
What?
[zaps]
[all singing] ♪ A, B, C, D, E,
F, G♪
♪ H, I, J, K, L,
M, N, O, P ♪
♪ Q, R, S, T, U, V ♪
♪ W, X, Y, Z ♪
What the fuck?
[all continue singing]
♪ Now, I know my ABCs♪
♪ Next time, won't you
sing with me ♪
What kind of
Captain Kangaroo Jim Henson
devilry is this?
Look, everybody, it's Jane.
[all] Hi, Jane.
Um, where am I?
You're on Underground Avenue.
That's so awesome
and totally makes sense
and no sense at all.
And who the fuck are you?
Jane.
You remember Harry?
You rescued him from the well.
This is Kay's imaginary world.
She's all grown up now
and perfect.
-Oh.
-Ah.
The toy fucking lamb
can talk now?
[sighs]
Come here. Come here.
Come here. Come on. Come on.
[sighs] Here's the deal.
We're in Kay's subconscious.
I thought we're always
in Kay's subconscious.
Do I have a PhD
in subconscious shit?
How the fuck should I know?
Point is, she's in control.
She's a well-adjusted adult.
Not. And we're fucking puppets.
So go with it.
Jane, you're just in time
for the lesson of the day.
Does anybody know
what trauma is?
[all] Um...
Dr. Harrison.
[sighs]
[puppet 1] Oh, look.
-[puppet 2] Oh, wow.
-[puppet 3] Huh.
-[puppet 4] Uh-oh.
-[others gasp]
That's a fucking Dada bird.
-[all] Oh.
-[all gasp]
[zaps]
-Oh, no.
-Oh, adult Kay's
gone! [sobbing]
[all gasping]
What the fuck are we
gonna do now, Jane?
Ugh!
Whoa!
What am I doing here?
Wholly fuck!
What the fuck?
-What the fuck?
Oh.
No, seriously! What the fuck?
Honestly, you're in a memory
in your subconscious.
Fuck!
-Seriously?
-Yeah.
Gotta say, you look worse
than I thought.
That's your hello?
Well, it pains me to say this,
but you look fucking awesome.
Bro, moisturizer.
I love that
fucking moisturizer.
Why this memory?
Really?
You and I both know
what's behind that door.
Ha ha. Right.
We both know.
We do?
Hey, what's the holdup?
Catch your pale ass
in here.
It's party time. [laughs]
Time to face the music,
big guy.
[birdwings flapping]
[zaps]
What the fuck?
Yo? Are you coming?
Me?
Let's go.
When in Rome.
Metal ass coming through.
[holy church music playing]
[children laughing]
What are you doing here?
You tell me.
If you're here to
change things, you can't.
It just repeats itself,
over and over and over again.
[birdwings flapping]
"Good luck, Sheryl and Larry.
Love, Sally and Grant."
We needed more than luck,
didn't we?
[reporter on TV]
Now some humans might find
the following disturbing.
Everybody, look who it is.
It's Larry.
Everybody say, "Hi Larry."
-Shh, Shh listen.
-[girl on TV] I don't know
what's happening.
There's a fog spreading
over the world
and all kinds of creatures
are walking the Earth.
The weather guy
is a water buffalo
with tattoos.
[sobbing] I'm scared.
[turns off TV]
People, this is FUBAR.
Agreed.
-Who are you?
-This is General Tony.
This is Vic.
Cliff.
I gathered.
-And, this is Kay.
-Wow.
Does anyone have
any explanation for this?
Allow me.
[clears throat]
You are subconscious beings.
So, you have not had
the pleasure of meeting me.
I'm Rita Farr.
Firstly, I'm not a sub.
Secondly, I've taken
a recent foray into the past,
and since my return,
I've worked
with the Sisterhood of Dada
to create this
global phenomenon.
What you're experiencing
is the Eternal Flagellation,
the Sisterhood of Dada's
artistic experience
that is going
to bring the world
to its knees.
You're bewildered.
Let me break this down
even further.
Everyone in the world
has swapped places
with their subconscious selves.
You have come out
of a memory, a fantasy,
a buried shame,
a deep dark hidden secret.
Anything trapped
in the subconscious.
What the fuck?
Why?
Because then no one will
be able to hide
who they really are anymore.
And that is going to rid
the world of evil.
And it's art, huh.
So, stick a pipe in it.
Can I skip this?
I'm pretty comfortable
with my shame.
Yeah, I think she's saying
that it's the problem.
[General Tony] But where
are our conscious selves?
Ah, your conscious selves
are in your place.
They are reliving the shame
you have suffered
over and over again,
unless they have
a breakthrough.
Wait. So, the plan is
we just stew in our own shit
and the world is saved?
Because that's pretty evil.
Oh, no evil? [scoffs]
Hardly. Ambitious maybe,
pretentious, but evil?
Now, evil is the scourge
who calls herself Madame Rouge.
Evil is what she did
to the Sisterhood of Dada.
Evil is what we're going to do
to her fishy little face,
when we find her ass!
I'm confused.
Are we Flagellating
or are we getting revenge?
The world will flagellate.
I'm getting mine.
[man] I couldn't believe it,
but Mallah told me,
the Bureau cut you loose.
A gem like you?
What did I say, Mallah?
[sighs] You said you couldn't
believe it.
And now she's here.
Now, she's here.
Blackballed by that fuck,
Niles Caulder, no less.
Yes. well, what can I say?
Shit happens.
So, the ape filled you in?
The big picture?
Oh, well, the brotherhood
of Evil is searching
for a human guinea pig
to travel to the year 2021
in a time machine
that you reverse engineers,
from a drawing that you drew
30 years ago.
To steal Niles Caulder's
inventions
and bring them back here
to 1949.
So, you would invent them
before he does.
Steal his dreams
and rule the world.
My God, the accent on her...
-Very evil...
-Right?
And she shifts shapes.
Did you tell her
the other thing?
I would never do that to you.
The name?
Nobody De Mille.
How attached are you?
Um, I don't know, what do you
have in mind?
-Madame Rouge.
-Seriously?
So sorry.
It's very exciting.
It's undeniable.
Madame Rouge.
Well, what do you say?
I say that you had me
at fuck, Niles Colder.
I think this is crazy.
I don't have to do this.
It's a memory.
Fuck this.
Everyone is waiting for you.
-Mom.
-You will go through with this.
I know what's best
for your son.
Mom, you do understand, right?
I'm not him.
-He's not here.
-Let your sins
live in the past.
You have to make
a break from all those
immoral things
that you've done.
Show the Lord
that you could be
a faithful husband.
Show him that you could be
devoted to a woman.
Put the Lord first, Larry.
It isn't the past.
I'm gay, Mother.
-It's who I am.
-I have prayed
over this, Larry.
I have prayed for you
to change.
And to be the man
that Sheryl needs you to be.
Can you love me for who I am?
Why is that so hard?
In my heart,
I know that you don't want to
bring shame to my life
and your father's life.
We are God fearing members
of this community.
But you suffocated
your own son.
For Sheryl.
My gift to you both.
You can have a good life, son.
Carry on our tradition
of righteousness
and true salvation.
I've always been
invisible to you.
See me.
Listen to me.
This is not
who I was born to be.
Can't you hear me?
[sobbing]
I've looked everywhere.
She's gone. [sobbing]
[gasps]
-[puppet 1] Oh, no.
-[Jane] Relax, everyone.
-This feels like
it's really happening.
-Oh, no.
Kay is gone.
What if she got better?
Oh, she wouldn't do that,
would she?
Could she?
What's going to happen
to us? [sobbing]
-Oh.
-Everyone, calm down.
-[mumbling]
-Okay. How about something
more positive?
What was the lesson of the day?
Drama?
Ah, well,
how about we talk about
something
a little more uplifting?
-Oh.
-Um...
-[gasps]
-[sobbing]
-Oh.
-See, it's going to be okay.
I fixed it.
I can fix this.
Jane, you can't fix this.
-None of you can.
-Shut up, Harry.
What the fuck do you know?
Who told you that?
Did Kay tell you that?
Duh, all of you think
you know Kay,
but I'm the only one
she tells her
real feelings to.
-I said, shut the fuck
up. [whacks]
-Ow!
[all gasping]
-[groans]
-Oh, my God.
I'm so sorry.
-[puppet groans]
-[Jane] No.
-[puppet 1] Here.
-[puppet 2 sighs]
This is the lesson
of the day that we needed.
I know. I'm not going to listen
to a fucking stuffed animal.
Tell me what Kay wants
or doesn't want.
-Oh, no, no, no.
-[Jane] Yeah, yeah.
-Oh.
-[all grunting and screaming]
[all laughing maliciously]
[toys clanking]
Dad was right.
Have to be strong like you,
General Tony.
You were scared.
No one gave you permission
to be scared.
It's time for me to grow up.
Be a brave,
disciplined warrior.
You're a child.
It's okay to be a child.
Dad said, "No more mistakes."
I have my orders.
Please hear me.
I need you to hear me.
So Madame Rouge was canned
by the Bureau of Normalcy,
because of what she did
to the Sisterhood of Dada.
So, then she joined
the Brotherhood of Evil.
That sounds like
a bad comic book.
She came here
to the future to destroy
Niles Calder's legacy,
which is us.
We have to stop her
in order to protect ourselves.
Wait, I thought she killed
your lover boy.
-And you want revenge?
-Yeah, that too.
Just wait a minute.
This is not what we do.
I'm a Sub.
I don't clean up messes,
I create messes.
Looks like the lesson
of the day is,
you're on your own.
[chuckles]
For the record,
your conscious selves
are lazy,
self-pitying and cruel.
But at least they had spunk.
They always protected
the little guy.
All right then.
We can sit here and go through
the Eternal Flagellation.
Basically put your shit
on display
for everyone in this room.
Mm?
Who is first?
Go! Go!
Go! Go! Go!
Are you sure about this?
You have no idea.
Going on a trip?
What?
Oh.
Yes, to the future.
Apparently I'll be borrowing
your time traveling machine
or some facsimile of.
Don't you dare equate
your mission with mine.
Oh, no, no, no, not at all.
Well, for starters, my mission
will actually, do something.
What happened to you?
You used to...
have a moral core.
For 30 years,
I had one duty.
Decide who was a weapon
and who was not.
-I did that duty to the end.
-To Malcolm's end.
And they still tossed you
out on your ass?
Yes.
I'm going to see a man
about that, aren't I?
I call bullshit.
You betrayed
every friend you've ever had
and it wasn't because of duty.
It was because too much power,
is never enough for you
You loved playing God
with those sweet boys and girls
you sent off to war.
Barely old enough to comprehend
their own specialness,
let alone the word weapon
you stamped to their foreheads.
And you loved lording
that power over the Sisterhood
you so fastidiously nurtured
until the day you discovered
you loved bringing it all
down even more.
That's all this was ever about,
wasn't it?
And this
is all you ever were.
And now you've lost
every friend you've ever had.
Well,
that was bracing.
And if it's just us gals,
probably true.
Not that I'd ever admit that
outside these walls.
Did you really think
you could change the world
with a Jangly hat made out
of serving utensils, hmm?
Another word poem
to stick it to the man?
[giggles]
Art is bullshit.
Art is a narcotic
you suckle while,
life, ambition, purpose
pass you by.
I landed in a field
30 years ago,
with no memory of who I was
or what I believed.
Art saved my life.
You destroyed it.
And I hope you burn in hell.
I hope I'm right here.
Or are you like
your spineless friends?
Or is the memory
that you forgot,
that you're evil?
Just like me.
[gasps]
Go ahead.
Kill me again
Mm-hmm.
For some reason,
It felt appropriate
to say goodbye.
After all, you were
one of the best friends
I've ever known.
Chins up, everyone,
you're doing the right thing
here.
Don't worry about us.
We're all squared away.
Just tell us when it's time
to do some superhero shit
because we're ready, right?
I'm not a superhero.
[chuckles]
Vic is a superhero.
[Dada bicycle bell mumbling]
-What the hell was that?
-Uh...
Don't even...
You can't turn back.
You're on a mission.
Actually, you are on
a mission, right?
-We're just visiting.
-I'm warning you,
there's nothing back there
but more truth
and self-loathing.
And beer.
[gasps]
No, Cliffie.
It's hard to believe
how he got here.
Climate from dirt track
to the Indy 500.
Yeah. You also climbed my wife
every Thursday night,
you fuck.
A lot of years.
A lot of blood spilled, too.
Hell.
We've had our share
of disagreements,
am I right?
Like, would you take Kate
from the front or the back?
Bottom line.
You the best goddamn friend
I ever had.
That's why
me and the boys,
we got something
special for you.
Stay there. Don't move.
Earl, Jethro,
come on, let's go.
Don't worry, I'm not
going anywhere,
you wife fucking fuck up.
Okay. Think Cliffie,
those artists freaks
did this Flagellation thing...
Then they send me
to my subconscious
for something good?
I don't think so.
[all] Yeah.
[rock music playing]
To the King.
[all cheering]
Then again, I have been wrong.
I've been wrong.
[men whooping]
Get some, dude, you're the man.
-I'm the man?
-You're the man.
You know what I am.
I'm the fucking man.
Who's the king?
-[man whooping]
-Who's the king?
-[crowd cheering]
-I am the fucking King!
We'll be safe here.
It's comfortable. Secure.
I've reinforced
the cotton sheets
with the flannel sheets.
That's it?
You've only secured enough
for yourself.
Family sized.
Can I get a beer?
You're an adult,
but you're a kid
who lives inside an adult.
So sure, why not, fuck it.
Here.
[bottle cap clanks]
[spits]
-Mm. Gross.
-More for me.
You're on the lookout
for something?
Aren't we all?
Wow.
You even guard
your subconscious.
That's impressive.
Are they right?
-Who?
-The Sisterhood of Dada.
I mean, is it important for me
to know
why there's a General Tony
and Vic's subconscious?
Maybe it is.
Maybe knowing
will move us forward.
Okay.
Why does Larry Sub
stare out the window?
None of your goddamn business.
Hmm.
Let's go into the Fort and uh,
we'll wait this thing out, huh?
We've got snacks.
Oh, why didn't you say so?
Lead the way, sir.
[indistinct conversation]
Fuck me.
Fuck you.
[Shipley] On that day,
Rita knew she had
vengeance in her heart...
Godamn right, I do.
[Shipley] w hich was a shame
because the last 30 years
had infused in her
a new found confidence and joy
that had been so sorely lacking
in all her years before,
in her "other" life.
Tough shit
on a popsicle stick, Shipley.
[Shipley] But, as she rockets
through the space
time continuum,
the inevitable forces
of physics
and sheer story inertia
bring the memories
of that "other" life
flooding back.
And with them comes
the shame and insecurity
she'd left long behind
to a life once lived
and to be lived again.
With these new
old memories returning,
Rita had to wonder what would
become of the old new memories.
If that makes any sense at all.
And what of the one memory
she absolutely,
positively could not bear
to lose?
She was convinced, this memory
was so embedded in her heart
there was no way
it could ever be extracted.
But could she ever
truly be sure?
Could she ever truly guarantee
she and her beloved's bond
would never be broken?
Turns out, when you have
a time machine
of indeterminate function,
the answer is, in fact, yes.
Rita would have her vengeance.
She would pursue Madame Rouge
to the ends of time.
But first, she would make
a hard left to the Poconos
to ensure her lover's loop
will never be broken.
Rita would have it all!
So... do we just sit here
and wait for the Eternal
Flagellation to end?
[inhales and exhales]
I heard Larry-
he wants to talk it out.
I just thought it might
help pass the time.
Talk? Are we like--
Spill our shit talk?
No, thank you.
[Tony] We relive
our pain every day.
Why do we have to air it out?
Maybe because we have a duty?
A duty to our conscious self
so that they can
live a better life?
They're stuck because of us.
Life is about duty.
And it's about what
and who you serve.
And I know you understand that.
You're a father, I know you do.
You have a duty
to your daughter, don't you?
Okay, that's enough.
Don't bring Clara into this.
Why not?
Our conscious selves
never talk about this stuff.
Duty and daughters
and Fathers--
[sighs] Can we not
talk about Fathers?
So we just don't talk at all?
[Human Cliff] Exactly!
No talking! Just...
[Cliff] Finally!
I deserve something good!
That's why God gave me
this memory
and a three-month supply
of Parky meds.
I know it's your celebration
so I'm guessin'
you're the head guy here.
[chuckling] Uh uh.
Give me all that sugar, Sugar.
There's somethin'
I gotta tell you...
[chuckling] Oh, God.
Whisper those sweet,
naughty nothings, Darlin'.
That Camaro outside?
There's a little girl
alone in the backseat.
Oh, fuck no. Uh-huh.
No, no. Not my problem anymore.
Goodbye!
Thank you! It's been good
takin' a trip down memory lane
but I want no part
of this bullshit!
That shit is from the weird
lady in the gas mask.
Fuck it. Bye, assholes!
[Cliff] Larry?
Larry?
Larry? Larry?
-Cliff?
-Hey!
-You okay?
-What does it look like?
-I'm in hell.
-Tell me about it,
it's those fucking
Dada fucks, right?
And our Sub fucks are up top
probably saying,
"God knows what to whoever
the fuck about us!"
Fuck this Freaky Friday shit!
Yeah. That's not even
close to Freaky Friday.
You want to get out
of here or not?
Yes. How?
Look at that spiral thingy.
Follow me.
[Jane] I don't know
about the rest of you
but I don't have a duty
to anyone.
No one's ever honored
their duty to me.
So you're saying that duty
isn't a thing anymore?
Duty is all that I am.
I'm saying, fuck fatherhood!
Whoa! You're like, what? Seven?
Really? This is after
you gave her the beer?
[chuckles] Though...
Maybe Kay is onto something.
I watched Little Vic honor
his father more than himself
and now that I'm up here,
yeah, I got questions.
No, you don't.
'Cause A, Number one,
we're going to avoid our shit,
just like we always do
B, Number two,
stop blaming your parents
for your own fuck ups.
Says the parent who fucked up.
[chuckles] What?
Oh, sorry, [chuckles]
was I the parent who was
fucking the crew chief
down by the train tracks?
So it was better
to be fucking the Nanny?
I bet your conscious self
is down there now
finding a way to screw her
on a ping pong table.
Hey! Don't you dare
pretend to understand
that you know
what's going on inside me.
Can you two grow the fuck up?
You know what,
I thought you is useless.
You, of all the people
swimming around inside you,
we get the one
who can't do anything helpful,
like, flit my fat
fucking ass out of here.
-I don't need them.
-Newsflash:
You do.
We all do.
We need to get the fuck out
of this pillow fort fuckery!
So, that's it, you're just
gonna party forever?
[sighs]
No, because there is no
forever for me,
I'm dying.
What?
[sniffles]
The first part of my life,
I was a fuckin' red neck.
Dirt poor,
didn't have a pot to shit in.
But then I found race cars,
and that was my ticket
out of hell.
When you come from nothin'
you don't know what to do
with the somethin'
that you get.
People started
treatin' me differently.
They started treatin' me
like I'm, I was special.
And once you get
a taste of special-
hmm, there's no turning back.
But I never really felt
like I deserved it,
so I plugged up the holes
with drugs and women.
I was king of the race track
but inside I was an empty fuck.
But, but, I was a king.
And this king [sobs]
decapitated his wife
[sniffles]
[sniffles, sighs]
[sniffles] Well, joke's on me.
[chuckles]
[breathing heavily]
Because...
Parkinson's has me now. Um...
I'm deteriorating.
But Abracadabra, I'm going
to do the most
ordinary thing that you can do.
I'm gonna die...
slowly... [sighs]
before your very eyes.
So, fuck it.
[breathing heavily]
You wanna flagellate?
l[chuckles]
Let's flagellate.
Oh.
[inhales]
[exhales deeply]
Vic!
Where is he?
-What the hell?
-Over here.
What the fuck! You're a toy?
We gotta get you out of here.
Wait! Wait!
Give him this.
He doesn't even know
you're here.
Just do it.
[retching]
[Puppet pretty Polly]
What did we just do?
What are we becoming?
Well, what if it's true
and Kay doesn't need us?
Of course she needs us,
she created us.
[Puppet Dr. Harrison]
Things change.
What did you think was going
to happen when she went
on that bike ride?
I don't know, Dr Harrison,
what did you think
was going to happen
when you stole the bike?
[slams]
-[all gasp]
-[yelps]
Huh? [gasps]
What the fuck?
Which one of you felt fucks
is Jane?
You metal bitch,
how about I shove that
Underground Avenue sign
up your ass?
That's Jane.
Where are we?
In Kay's fucking
fantasy workshop
where she's an Adult
and we're asshole Puppets.
Get me outta
this Dada hellscape.
Okay. Come here.
[chuckles]
[speaking indistinctly]
You're like a baby! [chuckles]
Hey, baby!
Fuck you, bucket head.
Oh!
Oh, that's it!
Jane goes off to leave us
with a mess. Again.
No, not again.
Never again.
["Vehicle" by
The Ides of March
playing]
♪ Hey, well,
I'm a friendly stranger
in a black sedan ♪
♪ Won't you hop
Inside my car? ♪
♪ I got pictures... ♪
-[Cliff] What the fuck!
-[Larry] Stop.
Reflect. Move forward?
This is more Dada shit!
Fuck this fuckin'
Art school project.
If the message is to move
forward out of this
rainbow vomit, I'm in!
[Vic] Oh, shit.
[all screaming]
♪ Got to have you child ♪
♪ Great God in Heaven
You know I love you ♪
♪ Whoa, you know I do ♪
Um... who wants a piece
of stripper cake?
Did you see Mom?
I did.
And I changed the script.
Said the things
I should have said.
Are you blaming me?
Are you saying
I should have said
something else?
No. You should have done
something else.
You think I don't know that?
How do you think it feels to be
the worst memory
of someone's life?
[chuckles]
You're not the worst, okay?
There are others
far worse than you.
Then why am I here?
You're the day I committed
to lying to myself.
-What?
-I got news for you,
I'm from the day
that you hid from love.
That's why you secretly
like those bandages.
They give you an excuse
to keep people away.
You're afraid you don't know
how to love.
You think
you're not worthy of it.
[sighs]
Maybe you are the worst
memory of my life.
You know, on my wedding day,
Mom invited me into her trauma
and then I sucked the people
into my trauma.
[sighs]
You've got to learn
how to let love in, guy.
One step at a time.
-I have a duty to myself.
-Yeah.
You do.
I live that memory,
every moment of it, every day.
Make it worth
what I'm going through.
Can you do that?
I can try.
Whoa!
Okay, that was beautiful.
Show's over, folks!
Is it?
-Oh, come fucking on.
-I know, I know.
You seriously
want to spill our shit?
No, I don't.
But then I saw
Larry holding hand
with himself,
and it was really fucking nice!
-[groans]
-So, fuck it.
Do you wanna know
what I live through
every fucking day?
Every day from dusk until dawn,
I leave my daughter in the car
so that I could go do some blow
and cozy up to a stripper.
That's what I do,
every fucking day.
I say, "Fuck you"
to fatherhood because
fatherhood doesn't
make me feel special
As a dad,
I'm just part of the wallpaper.
[sighs wearily]
Doin' blow.
Fucking strippers.
That shit makes me
feel like a king.
Every day, when party's over,
I come back to the car,
I look my daughter in the eyes
and I feel...
Nothing.
No guilt. Remorse. Shame.
I got my rocks off
and that has earned me
another week
of stomaching
changing dirty diapers
until the next race,
Nanny, stripper.
When I can go back to feeling
like a fucking king again.
You left your daughter
in the car to go party?
Look, I didn't sign up
for this shit!
That kid interrupted my life.
Why did I have to stop living
because I stuck
my dick in a hole?
I want to feel special, too!
You know, at some point,
the party's gotta stop.
I may be stuck on a loop,
but I'm not fucking blind.
You're on the same track.
You're tripping balls
on Parkinson's meds,
it's like it's 1984
all over again.
You're selling
their shit on Ebay.
I'm fucking exhausted.
But you have a second chance
with Clara and Rory,
but instead you're doing
the same shit all over again,
that's killing both of us.
Is it worth it?
Answer me, is it worth it?
-Fuck you!
-Fuck you, too!
And fuck all of ya'll!
Dude.
This shit is crazy.
[sighs]
I'm fine.
I don't need
no pop psychology.
Okay then,
we'll just stand here
and protect everyone.
I have one question, sir?
Who protects us?
I don't need protection.
No question about that,
you've always been
a good soldier.
Brave, disciplined. Warrior.
You saw the memory I came from.
Hmm?
Yeah, I was a child.
-You think anyone saw that?
-That I was a child?
No, I don't think
anyone saw that
-or cared.
-Well, I did.
And on that day,
I saw you go straight
from being a 10-year old child
to a soldier.
Trying to please everyone,
always saying the right things,
never making a mistake.
You became perfect.
But you lost something
very important.
[sniffles, quivers]
My childhood.
That's correct, sir.
I'd never get that back.
Yeah, but you can make
your own choices now.
And maybe instead
of doing things that made you
a good soldier,
you could do some wrong things.
You can make
some strong choices,
even if they're wrong.
What do you think
I was trying to do
before
this Eternal Flagellation?
I know.
I'm not here to criticize.
I am here to say, keep going.
Hmm?
Have some fun.
Find your happiness.
Play.
And then you take back
what was taken from you.
This is crazy.
[scoffs]
Why am I even listening
to somebody
I didn't even want?
I didn't want a soldier!
I was a fucking kid.
[zapping]
Harry said you didn't
want us anymore.
What did we say
the lesson of the day was?
Seriously?
-You want to do a lesson
of the day now?
-Yes.
Because it's you.
You just cause me more trauma.
Everything you do
just brings me more pain.
And it's time for me to grow up
and be on my own.
No, you can't survive
without me.
I'd like to try.
No. No.
No, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no. No!
[inhales]
I wish you would die.
[yelps]
[screaming]
[wailing]
[gasping]
[groans]
[panting]
Is it over?
I think so.
The fog's lifting.
Okay!
I think we can all agree,
that what happens
in the Eternal Flagellation,
stays in the Eternal Flagella--
You want to talk
about parenting
or you want to talk about--
-Oh, God. Oh fuck, oh, fuck!
-I don't know
what's going on with you,
Dad, but...
this isn't working anymore.
I know.
[Jane] Hello?
Hello?
I know things were said
and I hear you.
We're gonna work it out,
all of us.
They're all gone.
[pants, sighs]
Oh.
Ah! Thank God.
I got you.
Here you go.
[Silas] Vic,
you awake?
[sighs]
I'm awake.
[grunts]
[suspenseful music playing]
[bark snaps]
[theme music playing]